Add license (AGPLv3 with exceptions for plugins) (#182)
CERT-Polska/mwdb-core: README.md

Currently it's quite complicated, but we'll provide appropriate instructions until final release. (TODO)

## Contact

If you have any problems, bugs or feature requests related to MWDB, you're encouraged to create a GitHub issue. If you have other questions, question is related strictly with mwdb.cert.pl service or you want to contact the current maintainers directly, you can email:

- Paweł Srokosz (psrok1@cert.pl)
- Jarosław Jedynak (msm@cert.pl)
- CERT.PL (info@cert.pl)

## License

> This software is licensed under [GNU Affero General Public License version 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) with exceptions for plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This software is licensed under [GNU Affero General Public License version 3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) except for plugins.
```

For more information, read [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

> In case of any questions according to the license, send an e-mail to info@cert.pl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any questions regarding the license send an e-mail to info@cert.pl.
```
